It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands. It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak. When she didn’t like a guy who was trying to pick her up, she started using sign language. Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.
The hawk didn’t understand why the ground squirrels didn’t want to be his friend. If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it. People keep telling me "orange" but I still prefer "pink". He dreamed of leaving his law firm to open a portable dog wash.
My biggest joy is roasting almonds while stalking prey. You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital. The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family. The hawk didn’t understand why the ground squirrels didn’t want to be his friend.
He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby. The overpass went under the highway and into a secret world. He found his art never progressed when he literally used his sweat and tears. It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.
Joe discovered that traffic cones make excellent megaphones. You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital. I was starting to worry that my pet turtle could tell what I was thinking. He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others. Instead of a bachelorette party You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital. If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency. You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital. He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind. I’m a living furnace.
You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital. Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door. I had a friend in high school named Rick Shaw, but he was fairly useless as a mode of transport. It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.
He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail. He was all business when he wore his clown suit. We have a lot of rain in June. The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.
The fence was confused about whether it was supposed to keep things in or keep things out. He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started. When confronted with a rotary dial phone the teenager was perplexed. She discovered van life is difficult with 2 cats and a dog.
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms. Homesickness became contagious in the young campers' cabin. She couldn't understand why nobody else could see that the sky is full of cotton candy. There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
A glittering gem is not enough. It's much more difficult to play tennis with a bowling ball than it is to bowl with a tennis ball. When confronted with a rotary dial phone the teenager was perplexed. There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose. The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family. The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog. Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.
The murder hornet was disappointed by the preconceived ideas people had of him. She wondered what his eyes were saying beneath his mirrored sunglasses. The fox in the tophat whispered into the ear of the rabbit. He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.
There's probably enough glass in my cupboard to build an undersea aquarium. He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny. She looked into the mirror and saw another person. The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean.
It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak. The busker hoped that the people passing by would throw money, but they threw tomatoes instead, so he exchanged his hat for a juicer. Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second. Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store. The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight. He knew it was going to be a bad day when he saw mountain lions roaming the streets. It's much more difficult to play tennis with a bowling ball than it is to bowl with a tennis ball.
Joe discovered that traffic cones make excellent megaphones. I’m a living furnace. The near-death experience brought new ideas to light. I was starting to worry that my pet turtle could tell what I was thinking.
Written warnings in instruction manuals are worthless since rabbits can't read. You're unsure whether or not to trust him, but very thankful that you wore a turtle neck. You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital. Strawberries must be the one food that doesn't go well with this brand of paint.
Strawberries must be the one food that doesn't go well with this brand of paint. Joe discovered that traffic cones make excellent megaphones. There's a reason that roses have thorns. She traveled because it cost the same as therapy and was a lot more enjoyable.
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible. She traveled because it cost the same as therapy and was a lot more enjoyable. It's always a good idea to seek shelter from the evil gaze of the sun. He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door. It's never comforting to know that your fate depends on something as unpredictable as the popping of corn. He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny. Courage and stupidity were all he had.
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with. She couldn't understand why nobody else could see that the sky is full of cotton candy. Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are. He decided that the time had come to be stronger than any of the excuses he'd used until then.
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose. His get rich quick scheme was to grow a cactus farm. For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency. He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard.
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible. The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family. Homesickness became contagious in the young campers' cabin. The busker hoped that the people passing by would throw money, but they threw tomatoes instead, so he exchanged his hat for a juicer.
I’m a living furnace. The near-death experience brought new ideas to light. He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others. There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands. I'd rather be a bird than a fish. Homesickness became contagious in the young campers' cabin. He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard.
He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind. It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands. It's never comforting to know that your fate depends on something as unpredictable as the popping of corn. He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course. The heat He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard. The anaconda was the greatest criminal mastermind in this part of the neighborhood.
I’m a living furnace. The book is in front of the table. He walked into the basement with the horror movie from the night before playing in his head. He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency. He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class. Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible. Karen realized the only way she was getting into heaven was to cheat.
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course. I covered my friend in baby oil. Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door. She couldn't understand why nobody else could see that the sky is full of cotton candy.
The book is in front of the table. There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it. I'd rather be a bird than a fish. The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.
Karen realized the only way she was getting into heaven was to cheat. Two seats were vacant. Just because the water is red doesn't mean you can't drink it. She wondered what his eyes were saying beneath his mirrored sunglasses.
Strawberries must be the one food that doesn't go well with this brand of paint. It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak. The book is in front of the table. He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.
The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail. He found his art never progressed when he literally used his sweat and tears. There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store. You're unsure whether or not to trust him, but very thankful that you wore a turtle neck.
The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail. It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity. He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class. The busker hoped that the people passing by would throw money, but they threw tomatoes instead, so he exchanged his hat for a juicer.
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are. The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail. Just because the water is red doesn't mean you can't drink it. We have a lot of rain in June.
He found his art never progressed when he literally used his sweat and tears. Karen realized the only way she was getting into heaven was to cheat. The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected. It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak.
She looked into the mirror and saw another person. The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail. There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it. Just because the water is red doesn't mean you can't drink it.
She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go. The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family. The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country. It's never comforting to know that your fate depends on something as unpredictable as the popping of corn.
She traveled because it cost the same as therapy and was a lot more enjoyable. He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail. The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected. He knew it was going to be a bad day when he saw mountain lions roaming the streets.
The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean. She wondered what his eyes were saying beneath his mirrored sunglasses. If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute. He knew it was going to be a bad day when he saw mountain lions roaming the streets.
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose. He dreamed of eating green apples with worms. He was all business when he wore his clown suit. The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.
Just go ahead and press that button. Karen realized the only way she was getting into heaven was to cheat. My biggest joy is roasting almonds while stalking prey. The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
Gwen had her best sleep ever on her new bed of nails. He learned the important lesson that a picnic at the beach on a windy day is a bad idea. It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak. My biggest joy is roasting almonds while stalking prey.
Joe discovered that traffic cones make excellent megaphones. Written warnings in instruction manuals are worthless since rabbits can't read. If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it. He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.
He learned the important lesson that a picnic at the beach on a windy day is a bad idea. The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog. Written warnings in instruction manuals are worthless since rabbits can't read. He decided that the time had come to be stronger than any of the excuses he'd used until then.
My biggest joy is roasting almonds while stalking prey. When confronted with a rotary dial phone the teenager was perplexed. He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby. The near-death experience brought new ideas to light.
My secretary is the only person who truly understands my stamp-collecting obsession. Instead of a bachelorette party Just go ahead and press that button. The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.
