It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak. The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog. He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny. There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class. Tomatoes make great weapons when water balloons aren’t available. He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard. It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak.
He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby. He dreamed of leaving his law firm to open a portable dog wash. When confronted with a rotary dial phone the teenager was perplexed. There's probably enough glass in my cupboard to build an undersea aquarium.
He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake. I was starting to worry that my pet turtle could tell what I was thinking. You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital. He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard.
A glittering gem is not enough. The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected. The near-death experience brought new ideas to light. Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door.
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible. His get rich quick scheme was to grow a cactus farm. He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started. He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.
He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake. He was all business when he wore his clown suit. The hawk didn’t understand why the ground squirrels didn’t want to be his friend. When confronted with a rotary dial phone the teenager was perplexed.
It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity. Strawberries must be the one food that doesn't go well with this brand of paint. He was all business when he wore his clown suit. The overpass went under the highway and into a secret world.
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican. Courage and stupidity were all he had. There's a reason that roses have thorns. He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.
Instead of a bachelorette party The hawk didn’t understand why the ground squirrels didn’t want to be his friend. My secretary is the only person who truly understands my stamp-collecting obsession. It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.
For the 216th time, he said he would quit drinking soda after this last Coke. Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door. It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity. When she didn’t like a guy who was trying to pick her up, she started using sign language.
If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute. Just go ahead and press that button. Written warnings in instruction manuals are worthless since rabbits can't read. I covered my friend in baby oil.
A glittering gem is not enough. Gwen had her best sleep ever on her new bed of nails. The near-death experience brought new ideas to light. She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go.
He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby. The anaconda was the greatest criminal mastermind in this part of the neighborhood. The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean. For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency.
He walked into the basement with the horror movie from the night before playing in his head. There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it. It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak. He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind.
You're unsure whether or not to trust him, but very thankful that you wore a turtle neck. The book is in front of the table. It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak. It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands.
She couldn't understand why nobody else could see that the sky is full of cotton candy. The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean. Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican. Homesickness became contagious in the young campers' cabin.
The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean. Strawberries must be the one food that doesn't go well with this brand of paint. The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family. Gwen had her best sleep ever on her new bed of nails.
The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog. The anaconda was the greatest criminal mastermind in this part of the neighborhood. Courage and stupidity were all he had. For the 216th time, he said he would quit drinking soda after this last Coke.
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second. My biggest joy is roasting almonds while stalking prey. It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak. The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail.
He dreamed of leaving his law firm to open a portable dog wash. I’m a living furnace. He dreamed of eating green apples with worms. It's never comforting to know that your fate depends on something as unpredictable as the popping of corn.
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course. Gwen had her best sleep ever on her new bed of nails. He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind. It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.
He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind. Tomatoes make great weapons when water balloons aren’t available. He learned the important lesson that a picnic at the beach on a windy day is a bad idea. The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail.
My secretary is the only person who truly understands my stamp-collecting obsession. She discovered van life is difficult with 2 cats and a dog. It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands. The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.
His thought process was on so many levels that he gave himself a phobia of heights. When confronted with a rotary dial phone the teenager was perplexed. The fence was confused about whether it was supposed to keep things in or keep things out. There can never be too many cherries on an ice cream sundae.
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny. Just go ahead and press that button. It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak. Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.
His thought process was on so many levels that he gave himself a phobia of heights. I had a friend in high school named Rick Shaw, but he was fairly useless as a mode of transport. He decided that the time had come to be stronger than any of the excuses he'd used until then. The fence was confused about whether it was supposed to keep things in or keep things out.
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny. He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail. Courage and stupidity were all he had. Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.
Strawberries must be the one food that doesn't go well with this brand of paint. She couldn't understand why nobody else could see that the sky is full of cotton candy. The overpass went under the highway and into a secret world. It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.
She wondered what his eyes were saying beneath his mirrored sunglasses. You're unsure whether or not to trust him, but very thankful that you wore a turtle neck. Two seats were vacant. Tomatoes make great weapons when water balloons aren’t available.
The near-death experience brought new ideas to light. His thought process was on so many levels that he gave himself a phobia of heights. I'd rather be a bird than a fish. Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family. Written warnings in instruction manuals are worthless since rabbits can't read. Instead of a bachelorette party There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
He found his art never progressed when he literally used his sweat and tears. She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go. He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others. Written warnings in instruction manuals are worthless since rabbits can't read.
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose. Joe discovered that traffic cones make excellent megaphones. Tomatoes make great weapons when water balloons aren’t available. When confronted with a rotary dial phone the teenager was perplexed.
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny. Two seats were vacant. Homesickness became contagious in the young campers' cabin. The overpass went under the highway and into a secret world.
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with. He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard. There can never be too many cherries on an ice cream sundae. The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail.
When she didn’t like a guy who was trying to pick her up, she started using sign language. He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class. If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it. Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.
I covered my friend in baby oil. Written warnings in instruction manuals are worthless since rabbits can't read. There was coal in his stocking and he was thrilled. He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby.
I was starting to worry that my pet turtle could tell what I was thinking. He learned the important lesson that a picnic at the beach on a windy day is a bad idea. The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots. He was all business when he wore his clown suit.
Just because the water is red doesn't mean you can't drink it. The book is in front of the table. The near-death experience brought new ideas to light. He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.
If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute. She wondered what his eyes were saying beneath his mirrored sunglasses. She looked into the mirror and saw another person. There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
The hawk didn’t understand why the ground squirrels didn’t want to be his friend. He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class. The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose. My biggest joy is roasting almonds while stalking prey.
Joe discovered that traffic cones make excellent megaphones. Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second. You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital. I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
A glittering gem is not enough. Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second. He decided that the time had come to be stronger than any of the excuses he'd used until then. She couldn't understand why nobody else could see that the sky is full of cotton candy.
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second. Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible. She wondered what his eyes were saying beneath his mirrored sunglasses. If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course. He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore. Courage and stupidity were all he had. He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.
Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door. The busker hoped that the people passing by would throw money, but they threw tomatoes instead, so he exchanged his hat for a juicer. For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency. We have a lot of rain in June.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class. It's never comforting to know that your fate depends on something as unpredictable as the popping of corn. The book is in front of the table. The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
I was starting to worry that my pet turtle could tell what I was thinking. Just because the water is red doesn't mean you can't drink it. It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands. She traveled because it cost the same as therapy and was a lot more enjoyable.
I’m a living furnace. There's a reason that roses have thorns. He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore. Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.
